HaSeul: Yeah
HeeJin: Right
HaSeul: Do you guys know where are we heading over now?
HeeJin: JinSoul's
HaSeul: Birthday party!!
HeeJin: What? Birthday? No! We're just heading to the set for JInSoul's MV, right?
HaSeul: I guess JinSoul is dancing really hard now
HeeJin: She doesn't know we're coming. It's a surprise visit!
HaSeul: Right
HaSeul: Anyway, We'll
HyunJin: See you guys
HeeJin: Later!!
(Wait, JinSoul! LOOΠΔ 1/3 is coming for you!)
(Wait JinSoul! LOOΠΔ 1/3 is coming for you!)
HaSeul: Wow, great timing! We're in sync!
HaSeul: JinSoul!
(JinSoul and 1/3 girls have met finally!)
ViVi: (The oldest one) Wow, you're so beautiful!
JinSoul: It's my representative animal, a fish!
JinSoul: Isn't it beautiful?
JinSoul: Blue!
JinSoul: You know? There are a lot of fishes
(A lot of gold fishes appeared in JinSoul's music video)
(It's more amazing in real life!)
(But... Kim Lip suddenly came out with full makeup!)
HyunJin: What are you doing now, Kim Lip?
Kim Lip: I will rap with HaSeul a little while later
HaSeul: What?
(What's happening here??)